SPECIALLY FOR YOU.
SOMEONE HAS REFITTED THE OLD
CHANDELIER.
RESTORED TO ITS FORMER
GLORY.
LOOKS GOOD, DOESN'T IT?
WHO DID THIS?
FABIAN AND NINA.
THOSE TWO ARE AMATEUR
HISTORIANS, I TELL YOU.
WITHOUT MY PERMISSION.
OH VICTOR. DON'T WORRY,
IT'LL BE ME WHO'LL BE
DUSTING IT.
SO WHEN DID YOU AND AMBER
SUDDENLY BECOME BEST BUDDIES?
WE SHARE A ROOM.
I'M SORRY, CAN WE DO THE
PART WHERE YOU INTERROGATE
ME TOMORROW.
IT'S BEEN A LONG DAY.
WHERE DID YOU GET THIS?
A FRIEND GAVE IT TO ME.
(owl hoots)
HELLO? IT'S PATRICIA. DID
YOU GET JOY'S PHOTO? GOOD.
NO I WAS ACTUALLY CALLING
ABOUT SOMETHING ELSE.
I THINK I'VE FOUND THE EYE
OF HORUS.
YEAH. THANKS RENE. I'LL TRY
MY BEST.
HOW DO YOU KNOW YOU CAN
TRUST THIS MAN?
HE'S HELPING ME FIND JOY
OKAY?
AND ANYWAY, WHO ELSE CAN I
TRUST?
(Knock knock knock)
(Victor shouting)
ENOUGH OF THE NOISE IN THERE.
LIGHTS OUT NOW.
YES!
WHAT ARE YOU DOING HERE?
IT'S MY ROOM! I CAME TO GET
MY TOOTHPASTE.
WHY ARE YOU SNOOPING THROUGH
NINA'S STUFF?
SHE WAS GONNA LEND ME A TOP.
I JUST CAME TO FIND IT.
AM I SUPPOSED TO BELIEVE
THAT YOU GUYS ARE NOW SUCH
GOOD FRIENDS THAT YOU SWAP
OUTFITS?
WHAT'S IN YOUR HAN?
NOTHING.
LOOK AMBER, WE'VE BEEN
FRIENDS FOR A LOT OF YEARS.
OFF AND ON.
I NEED YOU TO KEEP THIS A
SECRET. PLEASE.
I WASN'T STEALING THE
LOCKET.
THERE'S A REALLY GOOD REASON
WHY I NEED TO BORROW IT.
LIKE WHAT? A FASHION
EMERGENCY?
OH. HEY.
HI. WELL THANKS FOR THAT
AMBER.
CATCH YOU LATER, YEAH?
YOU OKAY? YOU LOOK LIKE
YOU'VE SEEN A GHOST.
WELL, YOU KNOW WHAT I MEAN.
(Girl's voice) "I'LL BE ON
MY OWN AGAIN, WITH HIM.
I DON'T WANT TO STAY HERE."
MR RUTTER.
(Girl's voice) "I'M
FRIGHTENED OF WHAT WILL
HAPPEN TO ME."
LISTENING TO MUSIC WHILST
YOU'RE SUPPOSED TO BE
STUDYING,
SHOWS VERY LITTLE RESPECT TO ME.
I'M REALLY SORRY MISS. IT
JUST HELPS ME TO THINK.
YOU KNOW THE RULES. MP3S ARE
NOT ALLOWED IN CLASS.
WHEN WILL I GET IT BACK?
WHEN I'M READY.
(Whispers) FABIAN!!
(Clock chimes twelve o'clock)
(hollow sounding knock)
LET'S FACE IT BROTHER, WE ARE
SO OUT OF THE BABE RACE.
SPEAK FOR YOURSELF.
RIGHT. SO WAS THAT YOUR
CLONE ESTHER SHUT DOWN
YESTERDAY?
ESTHER'S MAD ABOUT ME. SHE
JUST DOESN'T KNOW IT YET.
SAME AS AMBER WITH YOU MATE.
OKAY. SO WHAT'S YOUR LATEST
BIG IDEA CASANOVA?
IF MUSIC BE THE FOOD OF
LOVE, PLAY ON.
WE PLAY THEM SOME MUSIC?
NO!
OH I KNOW, I KNOW, WE WRITE
THEM SOME MUSIC.
A SONG FOR AMBER, YEAH?
I WAS THINKING A SONNET?
POETRY?
MY SONG WILL BE POETRY MAN.
A TUNE TO END ALL TUNES.
OH YEAH, I'M GETTING THE
VIBE ALL READY.
(Alfie plays a bad tune on
his Kazoo)
ANY LUCK?
I WAS WONDERING IF THIS
JEWEL BIT TURNS OR SOMETHING.
BUT IT'S REALLY STIFF. I COULD
DO WITH SOME BRUTE STRENGTH?
DON'T GIVE IT TO FABIAN THEN!
WHAT'S INSIDE?
'KHET IS THE PLACE TO FIND.
AND THERE IN THE FLAMES, YOU
MUST LOOK BEHIND.'
EVEN I HAVE NO IDEA.
CAUGHT RED HANDED. I WAS
JUST ABOUT TO TURN IT ON.
WHAT HAVE YOU GOT ON THERE,
ANYWAY?
CRADLE OF FILTH.
THRASH METAL BAND. GRRR.
PROBABLY NOT FOR ME.
MR SWEET ASKED ME TO BRING
YOU THIS.
AH YES. I'LL TAKE THAT.
GIVE IT TO ME.
I DON'T SUPPOSE I COULD HAVE
THAT BACK?
IT'S MEANT TO BE A
PUNISHMENT.
WE'RE READY FOR THE STAFF
MEETING, MRS ANDREWS.
YES. I'LL BE THERE.
RIGHT, GO NOW BEFORE I
CHANGE MY MIND.
"KHET KHET?"
GOT IT! KHET MEANS "FIRE" OR
"PLACE OF FIRE."
PLACE OF FIRE. YES!! REVERSE
IT AND WHAT DO YOU GET?
FIRE OF PLACE?
AMBER, DO YOU SEE ANYTHING
THAT I'M STANDING RIGHT NEXT
TO?
THE FIREPLACE.
OH! OF COURSE, THE FIREPLACE.
WHAT ARE YOU DOING?
WHY ARE YOU FOOLING AROUND
IN THE FIREPLACE?
WE'RE...COLLECTING SOOT
FOR AN ART PROJECT.
ABOUT POMPEII. EXTRA CREDIT.
I DON'T LIKE YOU SNOOPING
AROUND THE HOUSE.
CHANDELIERS, FIREPLACES.
WE'RE TAKING THE CHANDELIER
DOWN, AS SOON AS FABIAN GETS
BACK.
NO. LEAVE IT UP THERE.
BUT I THOUGHT YOU SAID.
YES I DID, BUT I'VE CHANGED
MY MIND.
I SHALL WANT YOU ALL IN BED
EARLY TONIGHT.
LIGHTS OUT, NINE O' CLOCK.
AND I SHALL EXPECT TO HEAR A
PIN DROP AFTER THAT.
TELL THE OTHERS.
BUT
NO BUTS, NO BUTS.
WE'LL COME BACK TO THIS LATER.
I THOUGHT WE WERE GETTING
ALONG THESE DAYS?
WE ARE.
SO GOING THROUGH MY STUFF IS
GETTING ALONG?
I CAN'T WAIT UNTIL WE ARE
B.F.F.'S.
I KNEW IT. AMBER!
DON'T BLAME HER.
YOU WOULD HAVE DONE
THE SAME THING
IF YOU SAW SOMEONE STEALING
MARA'S THINGS.
I WASN'T STEALING.
SO WHAT WERE YOU DOING?
YOU'RE SO SECRETIVE,
DO YOU KNOW THAT?
YOU TRIED TO TAKE MY LOCKET
AND I WANT TO KNOW WHY?
YOU HAVE TO TELL ME.
HAVEN'T YOU SEEN THE TIME?
I'VE TOLD YOU I WANT EVERYONE
IN BED EARLY TONIGHT.
NOW GO TO YOUR ROOM
IMMEDIATELY MISS MARTIN.
NIGHTY-NIGHT.
(Bad American accent) WHAT
UP, WHAT UP
ODE TO AMBER, Y'ALL:
(Badly Rapping) AMBER, IF I
WAS A GAMBLER,
I'D PUT MY MONEY ON YOU,
COS YOU CARE ABOUT STUFF
THAT MATTERS
LIKE MAKING YOURSELF LOOK GOOD
AND AMBER, I ALWAYS SCRAMBLE
TO GET TO SIT WITH YOU
AND MAKE EVERY JOCK AND
SKATER DUDE
SO JEALOUS THAT THEY SPEW.
OH-KAY. THANKS ALFIE. THAT
WAS
TOTALLY AND UTTERLY
YEAH?
HORRIBLE.
OH'
SWEET, BUT SERIOUSLY, DON'T
QUIT YOUR DAY JOB.
VICTOR'S ON THE WARPATH GUYS
AND IT IS NOT PRETTY.
OH-OH.
TIME TO MAKE A QUICK EXIT.
WHAT IS GOING ON?
I WAS JUST AT THE SCHOOL
AND THE TEACHERS WERE ACTING
REALLY, REALLY WEIRD
AND THEN AS SOON AS I GET BACK,
VICTOR BITES MY HEAD OFF
AND SENDS ME STRAIGHT
TO MY ROOM.
I TOLD HIM I HAD TO GIVE YOU
THIS FIRST.
YOU GOT IT!
DO YOU THINK SHE HEARD IT?
CLOSE, BUT NO.
(Victor shouting)
IT'S NINE O'CLOCK.
YOU HAVE FIVE MINUTES
AND THEN I WANT TO BE ABLE
TO HEAR A PIN DROP.
(Chanting) YO DEE-EN EN EN
ANKH. YO DEE-EN EN RA NEKEKH
BROTHERS AND SISTERS, THE
CHOSEN HOUR FAST APPROACHES.
SOON WE SHALL TIP THE SCALES
OF LIFE.
AD PONDOS OMNIUM
ESPECIALLY AS NOW HAVE OUR
SEVENTH MEMBER -
THE ONE WHO SHALL REPLACE
THE BETRAYER.
WELCOME NEW INITIATE.
(Chanting) AD MULTOS ANNOS.
AD MULTOS ANNOS.
(Chatter)
AHHH!
I ASKED YOU TO KEEP A
SECRET!
SHE'S KNOWN ME SINCE WE WERE
ELEVEN.
BUT NOW SHE'S SIDING WITH
SOMEONE WHO'S ONLY
BEEN HERE TWO MINUTES.
PATRICIA.....WHAT'S GOING ON?
BETRAYAL THAT'S WHAT.
YOU DON'T GO THROUGH
PEOPLE'S PRIVATE THINGS HERE.
IT'S LIKE, AN UNWRITTEN RULE.
I THINK IT'S ACTUALLY A
WRITTEN RULE
(Gasps)
SOME FRIEND YOU ARE.
PATRICIA, DID YOU BRING THE
EYE OF HORUS?
NO. THE NEW GIRL, NINA, SHE
HAS A LOCKET WITH IT ON
I ALMOST HAD IT.
WHERE DID SHE GET IT FROM?
SHE SAID A FRIEND
GAVE IT TO HER.
ALL RIGHT, BRING HER TO ME.
DOES SHE HAVE SOMETHING TO
DO WITH JOY'S DISAPPEARANCE?
YEAH, POSSIBLY.
I KNEW IT!
(chatter)
I HAVE TO GO. I WILL TEXT
YOU A TIME AND PLACE
FOR US TO MEET,
BUT MAKE SURE THAT YOU BRING
NINA ALONG.
HOW AM I GOING TO DO THAT?
WE'RE NOT EXACTLY B.F.F'S.
YOU ARE A BRIGHT GIRL
PATRICIA.
I'M SURE YOU'LL THINK OF
SOMETHING.
NOW I'M SURE YOU'RE ALL
HUNGRY FOR THE LATEST
PRACTICE PAPER.
AH, THE LATE MISS
WILLIAMSON.
HOW NICE OF YOU TO GRACE US
WITH YOUR PRESENCE.
SORRY, MRS ANDREWS.
(Text message tone)
AH, YES. I AM GETTING
MIGHTILY FED UP WITH THIS.
YESTERDAY, IT WAS MR RUTTER
AND HIS MUSIC PLAYER.
TODAY, MISS WILLIAMSON. YOU
ALL KNOW THE SCHOOL RULES.
NO MOBILE PHONES, NO MP3S.
MISS WILLIAMSON
HAND IT OVER.
IT'S OKAY. I'LL SWITCH IT
OFF AND PUT IT IN MY BAG.
NO, THAT'S WHAT YOU SHOULD
HAVE DONE. NOW YOU CAN GIVE
IT TO ME.
OKAY EVERYONE, YOU ALL KNOW
WHAT TO DO.
NO-BODY. NOT ONE BODY.
OKAY. LET'S GO.
OH!
I'M SORRY.
IT'S OKAY. PROBABLY JUST A
MILD CONCUSSION.
HEY ROMEO AND JULIET.
YEAH, MOVING SWIFTLY ON.
THERE'S NOTHING HERE. BUT I
WAS SO SURE.
MAYBE WE'VE MISREAD THE RIDDLE?
MAYBE. OR MAYBE IT'S JUST
NOT THIS FIREPLACE.
OF COURSE. THE HOUSE IS
CENTRAL HEATING NOW.
I BET A LOAD OF THESE OLD
FIREPLACES WERE BRICKED UP
WHEN IT WAS FITTED.
HOW ARE WE GOING TO FIND OUT
WHERE THEY WERE?
MAYBE IT'S TIME TO VISIT SARAH.
WHAT DO YOU MAKE OF THIS?
I'VE JUST CONFISCATED IT
FROM PATRICIA.
RENE ZELDMAN.
R.Z?
HE'S BACK. RUFUS ZENO IS BACK.
I HOPE WE CATCH SARAH IN ONE
OF HER MORE LUCID MOMENTS.
SHE CAN GET VERY CONFUSED. I
MEAN, SHE COULD SEND US TO A
FIREPLACE BACK IN 1972.
SARAH, SARAH DO YOU REMEMBER ME?
(Whispers) I'VE NEVER SEEN
HER WITH A VISITOR BEFORE.
SARAH, TRY TO CONCENTRATE.
WE'RE TALKING ABOUT
THE OLD DAYS.
I REMEMBER YOUR FACE.
THAT'S GOOD.
BUT I GET SO MUDDLED.
SARAH, JUST RELAX.
EVERYTHING'S ALL RIGHT.
I'LL GET YOU SOME TEA.
PASS THE JUICE PLEASE MARA.
WELL, AREN'T WE QUIET
TONIGHT?
NO KIDDING.
SO WHAT'S WITH THE
SILENT TREATMENT?
WHAT YOU DID TO AMBER
WAS TERRIBLE.
AND WHAT DO YOU THINK, MARA?
YOU WENT TOO FAR. PLUS I WAS
ON CLEAN-UP DUTY.
YEAH, OKAY, YOU'RE PROBABLY
RIGHT.
WHOAH.
I'M SORRY AMBER.
FALLS OFF HIS CHAIR IN
AMAZEMENT.
DID PATRICIA "I AM NEVER
WRONG" WILLIAMSON JUST
APOLOGISE?
SHUT UP SLIMEBALL.
(Sniff sniff) OH AND NICE
COLOGNE - EAU DE CAT PEE?
THAT'S HYSTERICAL.
AND NINA. I'M SORRY ABOUT
GOING THROUGH YOUR STUFF.
THE THING IS,
I DID HAVE A REASON
AND IF YOU'RE INTERESTED,
I'LL TELL YOU ABOUT IT.
NOT NOW OBVIOUSLY.
BUT, IN PRIVATE SOMETIME?
YEAH, SURE. YOU, ME, NO
WITNESSES. SHOULD BE FINE.
SERIOUSLY, I'D LIKE TO TALK.
SO ARE YOU TAKING PATRICIA
UP ON HER OFFER THEN NINA?
NINA? NINA?
COULD THAT BE A FIREPLACE?
REMEMBER ON PARENTS' DAY,
WHAT TRUDY SAID ABOUT THIS
OVEN DOOR NOT OPENING.
WHAT ARE YOU GETTING AT?
OKAY. THIS IS A REAL
LONG-SHOT BUT.
(Gasps) HA HA HA.
NOT THAT LONG, I GUESS.
WOW!
YES! IT OPENS UP RIGHT
INSIDE HERE.
IT'S A SECRET PASSAGE WAY.
WITH STEPS GOING DOWN.
OH WELL OF COURSE. KHET.
INFERNO, PLACE OF FIRE.
OKAY, ENGLISH, PLEASE.
INFERNO? úHELL'! THE CLUE
MEANS 'DOWN IN HELL'.
IT'S REALLY DARK DOWN THERE.
(Trudy calls) HELLO?
TONIGHT. AFTER LIGHTS OUT.
SIBUNA?
SIBUNA.
(Amber screams) A GHOST!
MORE LIKE A SHEET.
CAN WE FIND A LIGHT SWITCH.
PLEAAAASE.
BAD THINGS DON'T HAPPEN WHEN
THE LIGHTS ARE ON.
OKAY GUYS,
LET'S CHECK THIS OUT.
THIS PLACE IS WEIRDING ME
OUT. CAN WE GO?
NOT YET.
WE NEED TO FIND THE NEXT CLUE.
BE CAREFUL WHAT YOU
TOUCH HERE GUYS.
LOOKS LIKE THERE MIGHT BE
SOME OTHER LITTLE SURPRISES
DOWN HERE.
THIS STUFF SMELLS OLD AND
GROSS. EURGH.
GUYS LOOK ON THE WALL.
FLAMES.
"THERE IN THE FLAMES, YOU
MUST LOOK BEHIND".
THAT'S EASY. IT'S EVEN GOT
LIKE A RING PULL THING ON IT.
MAY AS WELL SAY
"PULL ME" ON IT!
IT'S NOT A RING PULL, AMBS,
IT'S A TETHERING RING.
TO TIE ANIMALS TO.
IT SEEMED LIKE SUCH A GOOD PLAN.
(Gasps) LOOK - NUMBERS. A
CODE?
SIBUNA!
(Loud noise)
WHAT WAS THAT?
SSH!!
HIDE!
AH, SO LITTLE LEFT.
TO LIFE!